# MonikaGenerator

Important Notice
-----
This program is NOT affiliated with Dan Salvato LLC, the copyright holder of "Doki Doki Literature Club" as of 2018.
This program is not official "Doki Doki Literature Club content" (although some official assets are used within
this program). In fact, this program is useless if you have not already completed the official
"Doki Doki Literature Club" in its entirety, which may be found online at https://ddlc.moe/ .

Basic Program Details
-----
-This program randomly produces an absurd string of dialogue, based on Monika's dialogue from Act III, then saves
 that dialogue within a text file, specified by the user. This was designed solely for amusement, and not to be
 an accurate representation of Monika's thoughts or feelings.
-The repository's name of "MonikaGenerator" was chosen in favor of brevity, and not as a reflection of the
 program's functionality; if you came here looking for a program to generate a complete Monika, then you are
 unfortunately in the wrong place.
-This program has thus far only been tested on Windows 10.
-This program was created using Python version 3.6, and converted to an executable file using PyBuilder.
 Python may be found at https://www.python.org/ , and PyBuilder may be found at http://pybuilder.github.io/ .
-This program was written by ButtermilkPaincakes, using some official assets from "Doki Doki Literature Club."

Using the Program
-----
-The "Randomness" slider may be set to a value of 1, 2, or 3. A higher value means that the generated text will
 deviate further from the original script, and be noticeably less coherent.
-The box labeled "Word Count" may be assigned a number, which represents the number of words that will be
 generated. The default is 100 words, but this is by no means the limit.
-Upon clicking the button labeled "Generate Advice," you will be prompted to select a filename for the
 generated text. Generated text is saved within a .txt file.
-Please remember that the original script discusses some graphic and/or disturbing topics, and by extension,
 such content may be generated by this program.
 
 Credits
 -----
 This program itself was written by ButtermilkPaincakes.
 Some official assets from "Doki Doki Literature Club" are used within this program.
 Feedback is always welcome if you would like to share it, but in any case, thank you sincerely for using
 my program <3


